add kubeadm ClusterConfiguration  usage (#15175)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/control-plane-flags.md

1.  Add the appropriate fields to your configuration.
2.  Add the flags to override to the field.
3.  Run `kubeadm init` with `--config <YOUR CONFIG YAML>`.

For more details on each field in the configuration you can navigate to our
[API reference pages](https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm/v1beta2#ClusterConfiguration).

{{< note >}}

> You can get default `ClusterConfiguration` object by `kubeadm config print init-defaults`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get a starting point ClusterConfiguration by running `kubeadm config print init-defaults` and saving the output to a file of your choice.
```
Any better @Coderhypo ? What do you think?

Author: Yes, great. thanks.

> You can get a starting point ClusterConfiguration by running `kubeadm config print init-defaults` and saving the output to a file of your choice.

Reviewer 2: please change to:

> You can generate a `ClusterConfiguration` object with default values by running  `kubeadm config print init-defaults` and saving the output to a file of your choice.

Author: Done，thanks
